Language tour: rework prose related to operators (#2691)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/language-tour.md

## Operators

Dart supports the operators shown in the following table.

> You can define your own operators, as described in the section on

Author: @eernstg - Good points. In rereading, I agree that "define your own" is misleading.

How about:

```diff
- You can override many of these operators, 
+ You can implement and override many of these operators, 
```

My concern with the original formulation is that it might give readers who are new to Dart the impression that one can _only_ override operators.

> You can define your own operators, as described in the section on

Reviewer: Right, we don't want to imply that there must be an override relation, but even 'implement' is slightly dangerous (if it is taken to mean that there must be an `implements` relationship): We keep hinting that an operator cannot be added to an arbitrary interface. It's difficult to keep it precise as well as concise, but here's one more way to say it:

```suggestion
With many of these operators (e.g., `+`), a class can declare an implementation (`operator +`), thus adding that operator to the class or overriding a declaration in a superinterface. This is described in the section on
```

> You can define your own operators, as described in the section on

Author: Thanks for the suggestion.

> It's difficult to keep it precise as well as concise

Yes. Here's one more try at keeping it concise; how about (additions in bold):

> You can **implement and** override many of these operators **as class members**, ...

Or more simply:

> You can **implement** many of these operators **as class members**, ...

(leaving it understood that operators, like other members, can be overridden).

Trying to find a balance here for the Language Tour, in being sufficiently accurate without getting too much into details. @kwalrath - any further suggestions or comments?

> You can define your own operators, as described in the section on

Reviewer: I like the 'more simply' variant, and I'm sure @kwalrath has good further suggestions. ;-)

> You can define your own operators, as described in the section on

Reviewer 2: I like the "more simply" version, too.

> You can define your own operators, as described in the section on

Author: Done. Changed the text as follows:

> Dart supports the operators shown in the following table.
You can implement many of these [operators as class members](#_operators).

PTAL @kwalrath

  Operator precedence is an approximation of the behavior of a Dart parser.
  For definitive answers, consult the grammar in the
  [Dart language specification][].
  {%- comment %}
  Internal note from https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/pull/2691#discussion_r506184100:
  -  `??`, `&&` and `||` are excluded because they are lazy / short-circuiting operators
  - `!` is probably excluded for historical reasons

>   {% endcomment %}

Author: Oh my! Apologies for my multitasking blunder. Done.

>   {% endcomment %}

Author: Actually, just to be sure (since 3066 falls inside a code block for me), I've moved it just after the Note that starts with "You may have noticed that some [operators](#operators), like `!=`, are not in the list of names."

}
```

#### Operators {#_operators}

Operators are instance methods with special names.
Dart allows you to define operators with the following names:

`<`  | `+`  | `|`  | `[]`
`>`  | `/`  | `^`  | `[]=`
`<=` | `~/` | `&`  | `~`
`>=` | `*`  | `<<` | `==`

> `–`  | `%`  | `>>`

Author: It might be worth double checking this list of operators against the language spec, ... just in case it has changed.

{:.table}

{{site.alert.note}}
  You may have noticed that some [operators](#operators), like `!=`, are not in
  the list of names. That's because they're just syntactic sugar. For example,
  the expression `e1 != e2` is syntactic sugar for `!(e1 == e2)`.

> {{site.alert.end}}

Reviewer 3: Maybe worth mentioning that `??`, `&&` and ||` are not in the list either because they are not, and cannot be, methods because of their short-circuiting nature.

(And `!` is not there for ... probably historical reasons. No real reason I can think of.)

Author: Thanks for the feedback.

@kwalrath - thoughts?

AFAIK, in the language tour we generally try to avoid (too many) low-level technical details (Kathy can correct me if I'm wrong). So ...

> Maybe worth mentioning that ??, && and || are not in the list either because they are not, and cannot be, methods because of their short-circuiting nature.

... would make a great commentary in the language spec (AI for @eernstg? 😄)

> And ! is not there for ... probably historical reasons. No real reason I can think of.

Interesting! (Also possibly a good commentary for the DLS?)

Reviewer 2: Agreed that we don't want to show these kinds of details in the tour. (It'd be fine to note them or this comment in `{% comment %}` sections, so future writers know why they're omitted.)

Author: Good idea, I'll add those as comments.

{% endprettify %}

> <a name="overridable-operators"></a>

Reviewer: Could this be spurious? I can't see other occurrences of `<a name="...">` in this file (having expanded the whole file here, and also searching in https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dart-lang/site-www/master/src/_guides/language/language-tour.md), and it's surprising that, if I understand this mechanism correctly, a click on 'operators' will take us to this point, showing a section called 'Overriding members'.

Author: This ensures that links, from outside the site, that target `#overridable-operators` will still work. 

I can certainly drop this if you prefer. @kwalrath?

Reviewer: OK, then it makes sense to keep it. But maybe the link from the same file shouldn't have the link text 'operators' when it jumps to 'Overriding members'.

Author: Oh, thanks for pointing that out! I missed the in-page link to `#overridable-operators` (strange, I thought that I had searched for those before); that needs to be changed to `#_operators`.

Hmm, I've also found another place in the tour that needed a slight update. Please see my latest commit.
